# community_effects

This repository includes the data, along with the analysis code used to for the study Interactions between culturable bacteria are highly non-additive"  https://doi.org/10.1101/2022.09.01.506178

List of files is given below:
•	Code files:
  o	Consolidated_Analysis.ipynb: the code used for the main analysis of this study, including the code used for producing       the main test figures. 

  o	Bootstrapping.ipynb: the code used to bootstrap nRMSE values.

•	Data Files:
  o	k2_effects_data and k3_effects_data: Files  are generated by the code, or can be loaded and used in lieu of calculating     all the effects from the code. 
  
  o	Strains: contains phylogenetic and other information on strains used in study. This file contains its own readme           explaining the information in each column.
  
  o	Isolate Profiling:
  
   	Raw data:
      • Plate01to30, Plate31to60, Plate61to96: Endpoint reads for all strains growth on multiple carbon sources and                 antibiotics.
      •	All_seq_tree_distance_matrix: phylogenetic distance matrix for all strains.
      •	growth_curve_epoch2: replicate plate of growth curve data for each strain
      •	growth_curve_synergy2: replicate plate of growth curve data for each strain
  
   	Files generated by code:
      •	abx_distance_matrix: Euclidian distance matrix of growth on different antibiotics.
      •	metabolic_distance_matrix: Euclidian distance matrix of growth on different carbon sources.
      •	phylo_distance_matrix: similar to All_seq_tree_distance_matrix, but with samples renamed 
      •	gc_data: summary of growth curve statistics for each strain
      •	sample_positions: maps of samples in 96 well plate, used to connect raw data output well positions to respective          strains
      
  o	kChip_Data: All raw data from interaction screens
    	k2:
        •	Chip1-12
        •	Columns:
          o	Hash: unique identifier for each well
          o	Sample1,2: strains in well (in addition to focal)
          o	t0-3: fluorescent signal in well at 0,24,48,72 hours respectively 
          o	t0-3_Area*: Size of droplet in well at each timepoint
          o	Total*: number of droplets in well
          Used for quality control and data filtering
   Key for matching chips to focals {1: 'EC_A', 2: 'EC_B', 3: 'EA_A', 4: 'EA_B', 5: 'RP1_A',   
                                     6: 'RP1_B', 7: 'BI_A', 8: 'BI_B', 9: 'CF_A', 10: 'CF_B',
                                     11: 'PAg_A',12: 'PAg_B'}
      	k3:
        •	Chip1-3
        •	Columns:
          o	Hash: unique identifier for each well
          o	Sample1,2: strains in well (in addition to focal)
          o	t0-2: fluorescent signal in well at 0,24,48,72 hours respectively 
          o	t0-2_Area*: Size of droplet in well at each timepoint
          o	Total*: number of droplets in well
          Used for quality control and data filtering
